# SNOMED CT Descriptive Statistics Viewer

This is a web based viewer for SNOMED CT Statistical reports generated by 
the [SNOMED CT Statistics Generator Project](https://github.com/termMed/sct-descriptive-statistics-generator).

For more information about the SNOMED CT Descriptive Statistics Project go to [this lik](http://www.ihtsdo.org).

## Quick start

The content of the root folder is ready to be served by any web server as static pages, no database is required.

Sample data is included for the initial installation.


## Features

* Table report viewers for the 5 basic statistics reports.
* Interactive Pivot Table view for detailed browsing of data, allowing for grouping and drill-down actions.
* Inclusion of the SNOMED CT Descriptive Statistics docs.
* Implemented with Material Design UI guidelines.


## Browser support

* Chrome *(latest 2)*
* Firefox *(latest 2)*
* Internet Explorer 8+
* Opera *(latest 2)*
* Safari *(latest 2)*


## Documentation

Once the content is deployed in a server, the data files that provide the 
reports can be updated to newer versions. The data format is CSV, comma sepparated values.

The columns should match the columns in the provided sample files in:

`data/...`

Included report files are:

* **GENERAL_RELEASE_STATISTICS.csv :** The overall counts for the complete release, and for the high level hierarchies.
* **STATISTICS_ON_EXISTING_CONCEPTS_count.csv :** Statistics provided for changes to existing concepts between the previous release (R1) and the current release (R2). Expressed in counts.
* **STATISTICS_ON_EXISTING_CONCEPTS_percent.csv :** Statistics provided for changes to existing concepts between the previous release (R1) and the current release (R2). Expressed in percentages.
* **STATISTICS_ON_NEW_CONCEPTS.csv :** The overall counts for new concepts in this release, arranged by high level hierarchies.
* **STATISTICS_ON_RETIRED_CONCEPTS.csv :** The overall counts for concepts inactivated in this release, arranged by high level hierarchies.

## License

The code is available under the [Apache 2 license](LICENSE).
